N = 16 
bin/qsort 16
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 0.004 sec
bin/V0 16
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.055 sec
bin/V1 16
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.039 sec
bin/V2 16
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.044 sec
 
N = 17 
bin/qsort 17
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 0.008 sec
bin/V0 17
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.041 sec
bin/V1 17
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.041 sec
bin/V2 17
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.037 sec
 
N = 18 
bin/qsort 18
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 0.014 sec
bin/V0 18
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.046 sec
bin/V1 18
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.049 sec
bin/V2 18
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.044 sec
 
N = 19 
bin/qsort 19
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 0.029 sec
bin/V0 19
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.057 sec
bin/V1 19
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.053 sec
bin/V2 19
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.049 sec
 
N = 20 
bin/qsort 20
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 0.055 sec
bin/V0 20
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.076 sec
bin/V1 20
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.061 sec
bin/V2 20
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.060 sec
 
N = 21 
bin/qsort 21
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 0.114 sec
bin/V0 21
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.109 sec
bin/V1 21
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.092 sec
bin/V2 21
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.075 sec
 
N = 22 
bin/qsort 22
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 0.228 sec
bin/V0 22
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.179 sec
bin/V1 22
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.146 sec
bin/V2 22
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.117 sec
 
N = 23 
bin/qsort 23
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 0.466 sec
bin/V0 23
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.334 sec
bin/V1 23
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.259 sec
bin/V2 23
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.197 sec
 
N = 24 
bin/qsort 24
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 0.885 sec
bin/V0 24
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.630 sec
bin/V1 24
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.521 sec
bin/V2 24
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.374 sec
 
N = 25 
bin/qsort 25
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 1.844 sec
bin/V0 25
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 1.295 sec
bin/V1 25
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.990 sec
bin/V2 25
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.773 sec
 
N = 26 
bin/qsort 26
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 3.697 sec
bin/V0 26
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 2.636 sec
bin/V1 26
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 2.079 sec
bin/V2 26
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 1.609 sec
 
N = 27 
bin/qsort 27
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 7.232 sec
bin/V0 27
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 5.556 sec
bin/V1 27
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 4.349 sec
bin/V2 27
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 3.414 sec