N = 16

bin/qsort 16
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 0.007 sec
bin/V0 16
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.232 sec
bin/V1 16
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.230 sec
bin/V2 16
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.229 sec

N = 17

bin/qsort 17
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 0.014 sec
bin/V0 17
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.179 sec
bin/V1 17
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.178 sec
bin/V2 17
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.178 sec

N = 18

bin/qsort 18
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 0.029 sec
bin/V0 18
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.179 sec
bin/V1 18
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.178 sec
bin/V2 18
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.180 sec

N = 19

bin/qsort 19
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 0.059 sec
bin/V0 19
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.181 sec
bin/V1 19
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.180 sec
bin/V2 19
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.178 sec

N = 20

bin/qsort 20
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 0.121 sec
bin/V0 20
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.185 sec
bin/V1 20
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.182 sec
bin/V2 20
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.182 sec

N = 21

bin/qsort 21
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 0.248 sec
bin/V0 21
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.191 sec
bin/V1 21
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.187 sec
bin/V2 21
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.184 sec

N = 22

bin/qsort 22
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 0.509 sec
bin/V0 22
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.204 sec
bin/V1 22
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.196 sec
bin/V2 22
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.193 sec

N = 23

bin/qsort 23
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 1.044 sec
bin/V0 23
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.232 sec
bin/V1 23
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.216 sec
bin/V2 23
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.210 sec

N = 24

bin/qsort 24
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 2.142 sec
bin/V0 24
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.284 sec
bin/V1 24
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.254 sec
bin/V2 24
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.243 sec

N = 25

bin/qsort 25
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 4.394 sec
bin/V0 25
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.391 sec
bin/V1 25
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.337 sec
bin/V2 25
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.314 sec

N = 26

bin/qsort 26
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 8.992 sec
bin/V0 26
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.622 sec
bin/V1 26
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.513 sec
bin/V2 26
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.467 sec

N = 27

bin/qsort 27
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 18.414 sec
bin/V0 27
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 1.108 sec
bin/V1 27
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.885 sec
bin/V2 27
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 0.789 sec

N = 28

bin/qsort 28
Running qsort implementation.
Execution Time: 37.698 sec
bin/V0 28
Running V0 implementation.
Execution Time: 2.118 sec
bin/V1 28
Running V1 implementation.
Execution Time: 1.656 sec
bin/V2 28
Running V2 implementation.
Execution Time: 1.473 sec